Broken links, March 2025 (#2483)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/support/tutorials/gis/eo_guide.md

### EO data download services  

> **[SYKE/FMI, Finnish image mosaics **FIXME**](https://www.syke.fi/fi-FI/Tutkimus__kehittaminen/Tutkimus_ja_kehittamishankkeet/Hankkeet/Paikkatietoalusta_PTA)** : Sentinel-1, Sentinel-2 and Landsat mosaics, also index mosaics. For several time periods per year. These are included in [Paituli STAC](https://paituli.csc.fi/stac.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**SYKE/FMI, Finnish image mosaics: Sentinel-1, Sentinel-2 and Landsat mosaics, also index mosaics. For several time periods per year. These are included in [Paituli STAC](https://paituli.csc.fi/stac.html)
```

If you are interested in the fundamentals of EO, take a look at these excellent resources:

> * [Fundamentals of remote sensing tutorial **FIXME**](https://www.nrcan.gc.ca/maps-tools-and-publications/satellite-imagery-and-air-photos/tutorial-fundamentals-remote-sensing/9309) by Canada Centre for Mapping and Earth Observation , Natural Resources Canada; an "interactive module is intended as an overview at a senior high school or early university level and touches on physics, environmental sciences, mathematics, computer sciences and geography."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Fundamentals of remote sensing tutorial](https://natural-resources.canada.ca/science-data/science-research/geomatics/remote-sensing/remote-sensing-software-tools) by Canada Centre for Mapping and Earth Observation , Natural Resources Canada; an "interactive module is intended as an overview at a senior high school or early university level and touches on physics, environmental sciences, mathematics, computer sciences and geography."
```
